Intent
======

The following licensing terms are intended to protect my intellectual property
in such a way that my name will appear alongside any property I have created
but that the property is still free to use and modify by anyone who desires to
do so.  I will endeavor to put any property that is not explicitly mine or
that of a contributor to this project in the /vendor/ directory in this
repository, and I claim no copyright to or ownership of any property in that
directory (unless I include something that I created separately, of course).

Copyright Notice
================

Everything in this repository, with the exception of files that exist under
the /vendor/ directory, is Copyright (c) 2012 Colin Wetherbee.

Image License
=============

Images in this repository, outside of the /vendor/ directory, are licensed
under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
License.  A human-readable version of this license and a link to the full
text may be found at the following URL.

http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/

Code License
============

The code in this repository, with the exception of files that exist under the
/vendor/ directory, unless specifically noted in those files, is licensed
under the MIT license.  The full text of the MIT license follows this
paragraph.

Copyright (c) 2012 Colin Wetherbee

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
